Add doc on action rollover min_primary_shard_size (#542)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _im-plugin/ism/policies.md

Rolls an alias over to a new index when the managed index meets one of the rollover conditions.

> **Important**: ISM checks the conditions for operations on **every execution of the policy** based on the **set interval**, _not_ continuously. The rollover will not be performed before the value **has reached** or exceeded the configured limit **when the check is performed**. For example with `min_size` configured to a value of 100GiB, ISM might check the index at 99 GiB and not perform the rollover. At the next check the index can have grown to i.e. 105 GiB, and the operation is performed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Important**: ISM checks the conditions for operations on **every execution of the policy** based on the **set interval**, _not_ continuously. The rollover will not be performed before the value **has reached** or exceeded the configured limit **when the check is performed**. For example with `min_size` configured to a value of 100GB, ISM might check the index at 99 GB and not perform the rollover. At the next check the index can have grown to i.e. 105 GB, and the operation is performed.
```

The index format must match the pattern: `^.*-\d+$`. For example, `(logs-000001)`.
Set `index.plugins.index_state_management.rollover_alias` as the alias to rollover.

Parameter | Description | Type | Example | Required
:--- | :--- |:--- |:--- |

> `min_size` | The minimum size of the total primary shard storage (not counting replicas) required to roll over the index. For example, if you set `min_size` to 100 GiB and your index has 5 primary shards and 5 replica shards of 20 GiB each, the total size of all primary shards is 100 GiB, so the rollover occurs. See **Important** note above. | `string` | `20gb` or `5mb` | No

Reviewer: typo with "GiB" -> change throughout to "GB"

Author: Did you refer to the "See Important note"? It is not new as such, works as it always has. I can only speculate as to why the clarification was added to `min_size` in the beginning, but I can assume it's somebody who stumbled on this and wanted to ensure that the point was understood. I think it is important enough that it should stand.
Regarding `GiB` I was following what was used in the rest of the document and the already existing `min_size`.

Parameter | Description | Type | Example | Required
:--- | :--- |:--- |:--- |
`min_size` | The minimum size of the total primary shard storage (not counting replicas) required to roll over the index. For example, if you set `min_size` to 100 GiB and your index has 5 primary shards and 5 replica shards of 20 GiB each, the total size of all primary shards is 100 GiB, so the rollover occurs. ISM doesn't check indexes continually, so it doesn't roll over indexes at exactly 100 GiB. Instead, if an index is continuously growing, ISM might check it at 99 GiB, not perform the rollover, check again when the shards reach 105 GiB, and then perform the operation. | `string` | `20gb` or `5mb` | No

> `min_primary_shard_size` | The minimum size of a *single primary shard* storage (not counting replicas) required to roll over the index. For example, if you set `min_primary_shard_size` to 30 GiB and there is a *single primary shard* that has a size greater than the condition, the rollover occurs. ISM doesn't check indexes continually, so it doesn't roll over indexes at exactly 30 GiB. Instead, if an index shard is continuously growing, ISM might check it at 29 GiB, not perform the rollover, check again when the shards reach 32 GiB, and then perform the operation. | `string` | `20gb` or `5mb` | No

Reviewer 2: This looks like it should be "The minimum size of the" (instead of "a"). If this is the first appearance of "ISM" on the page, please define as "Index State Management (ISM)". Confirm the use of "continuously" and "continually". Continuously describes an action that happens without ceasing. Continually describes an action that recurs frequently or regularly.

Author: Writing "**the** single primary shard" would imply that the shard was **the shard** as in the single one or the main one, but it is not.

The meaning of `The minimum size of _a_ **single primary shard**` is to be interpreted as "any one of multiple shards in an index", as stated in the referenced issue from the index-management repo. The `min_primary_shard_size` parameter applies to "**one** of the primary shards", 

Regarding ISM the use of ISM is consistent through the document, and the document's parent is [Index State Management](https://github.com/opensearch-project/documentation-website/blob/main/_im-plugin/ism/policies.md?plain=1#L5)

The use of "continuously" and "continually" was interesting, I hope I never cease to learn. I replicated what was used in `min_size` from earlier, but I agree that this should be clarified.
In addition, having these long explanations for each condition is not necessary, makes the doc very long winded / wall-of-text-like, and really applies to _all_ conditions.

I'll add a new commit where I move the detailed explanation out of the "pr condition", and refer to it, and hopefully with a clear an consistent language.
